come on my kids here again
what happened to this channel what
happened to this channel that's been on and
how many days has this channel been abandoned
even the very quiet thing about
salt it was heard that I'm lazy or both I do
n't know what I can do to revive the
channel it's that you're not going to give me a line
because I haven't appeared for a long time and
when a channel stops for a few
days it seems like it's not but things get
deactivated a lot not to people with what it
costs more to receive my
notifications go to people it costs
more to the feedback comment on the likes I have to
heal myself the typical thing is to hit the
chair no so I think it's going to be the
appropriate thing on this occasion I have
several several canes okay this this
cane was mine when I was little and I
dressed up as a shepherd of shepherd in the
portal of Bethlehem Esteban my grandmother
wins with this never and so today
fixes me up a bit because if I arrive record the
video with the cane bush and the dye it
seemed a little Enrique San
Francisco to me but anyway let's stop the
nonsense and get to the nougat and today  we're
going to help wind and since I
'm opening because they're accusing her
of plagiarism and windi hasn't committed any
plagiarism what she's doing isn't
plagiarism there are some things that need to be
corrected and we're going to talk about the subject but
not plagiarism, man here people on the
internet accuse very lightly and it can't be
tried to inform me a little
more about what's going on and I put me in
the daily forum but in form they are
closed I don't know what's going on
the owner is saying that it's under
maintenance but it's been under maintenance for like three days
and it also says error 521
search on google because error 521
is not maintenance powers it's not
maintenance things are calm
between quotes of salcé ok tomorrow I'll
bring you an epic video and ximo telling
my mother later but anyways you
know that you can always catch up on
the situation exchange information
and gossip with people on my forum me
chavalería dot com it seems that wind would have
already had a town
with an artist with an illustrator with a
person who earns  life drawing and
very well by the way this illustrator
sent me an email okay so well
this way I have first hand information I can't
talk to winding because
she has other parts blocked
sometimes she's a friend of mine
sometimes we record
interviews and things together and other times she blocks me it
depends on how I sing to her in the morning and
we'll see what this
guy says to me hello javi greetings from costa rica
look I present the case of what
happened to me the truth is I never thought that something like this would
go so far the thing is that I made
a parody of wind and a drawing
parodying the video where she says I
have it hairy it's that title
I love that title it's the best title you
can give to a video in
life I would only put this video what
happens is that I'm not going to monetize right well I do
n't know then I'll think about it the same if I
leave you the drawing and the tweet in question
so you can see it eyes that it contains
nude or elda wind and she has it hairy no
and here we see the cover of the video that we already
talked about in these previous videos
that we had not with the thing obviously I have
it hairy  my loves and draws him and the
whole shell and very very very
inclined and also has two versions and
has two versions of the drawing my goodness my goodness
but please 15 fashion
sometimes drawing this is so so so so so like that
one version is with a t-shirt and others without t-
shirts okay the t-shirt would be from the
blonde to the obvious don't be mean but the two
versions are there in the foreground or rather
in fact a name is complicated
to look at his face that takes a little more
previously inside cape the host
up to here let's say that everything is fine we
laugh we hang out two people
tagged him etcetera I never thought that
she was going to give attention to a
dirty parody but she responded and here we see
wind's tweet and there is no just to have it to
war is in the people let's see I'm going to
translate it better in the google translator
because if not the mind in [ __ ] of
what he says it's sad that he says that I have
terrible content and I still use my
image fame to monetize fame that I create
with my terrible content even so I can
recognize that you have an
incredible talent I like to see the good side of
people god bless you we see that as
always wind and very  very
Christian believer we see how the guy
answers no and says I had never seen
your videos until recently when
the memes exploded and a video of you
screaming host well difficult or rather
this I think that once again
a wind thing has exploded and I think
that it has been one of the best and Castella
to do I couldn't say or if the
most if the time that most but but damn
after that I checked your channel a bit and
I found that it was empty content
thumbnail has decline and a
huge dislike ratio no let's see this sincerely it
's not because it's bad because like that or rather it's
that wind and he doesn't do anything in his videos he doesn't
do anything literally the title is worth more
the thumbnail than then the video
puts you maybe a title that tells you
look at me stop or look what I do I
get on four I don't know what a move and
then she comes out like this in the video okay
haha ​​my loves jiji I hope and even
literally I mean to entertain than to give a little
twist to your content you are
a pretty girl and you have many
followers but you have given more attention to
drama and sanse or that to improve and
innovate your content that's killing you
girl even I am an artist and have nothing to
do with youtube I can think of
many ways in which you could
innovate go for it and stop giving the
salsa dancer balls remember not all
publicity is good publicity kisses
from the neighboring country what
the guy told him is the truth, I mean no offense no no it
's not the intention to harm anything
or anything but windows has to give it a
twist to take advantage of the
followers and the fame that it already has even if
the fame is bad it can always be
changed how many
times it changes no if I were
wind I would give the channel a change in
terms of content ideas a little bit
of image too because maybe people
are already very saturated with the character of
wind and not with that one but so red those clothes
so colorful I don't know I think that yes it can be given a
twist and
that all all the channels can
revive look at the human being instead of
continuing to convince themselves that the
fault is their enemies or it was
their enemies the people who are doing well and
who try to sabotage it I think that they
should think a  little that maybe the
error is hers as you see I was
polite to her and even the others who
commented never insulted her x I thought that was the end of
the matter because it
turns out that the next day many people
send me a screenshot where wind and uploads my
work, that is, the drawing that I made to her
only paying fan, that is, she is profiting from
my work without even asking my
permission and here we see the screenshot in
question it is not a publication of wind and
of the live and the wind and what she says
makes me very nervous to upload this is the
first time that I upload something more 18 do you
like this type of content
what would you like me to upload we see how
the screenshot we do not see it complete because
here it says read more, that is, read more we do not
know if she has published the drawing
giving credits to the artist this is very
important it seems to me that this is super
relevant things change a lot the
fact that she simply uploaded the
drawing to that she changed it putting
the name of the artist is very important
for artists, for illustrators
and for any person who is dedicated
to art that if they upload their work since they
upload it on top of it if they upload it without permission it is
not  One thing that usually happens a lot
here on the internet at least give
credit okay this is super important
their [ __ ] work meaning they take advantage
of your work and profit from your work or
simply share it spread it
and it is not known here where it was done the truth is
that it is a lack of respect therefore it
would be very important to know if in this
read more the name of the author was put or not it is
already here I would not see any kind of
problem with the fact that windows
uploaded without their permission well look kid
you also drew them without her permission
as long as she has put
credits to the drawing no when she
uploaded it to her ifai I would not see any
kind of problem she has every right
in the world to do it like you have
made a drawing that you are also within your right
to draw her to make a
parody a caricature of her
and fantastic and she can take that
caricature and upload it to her networks
mentioning that she does not see a boyfriend
or the reason for the conflict I contacted her
via email in a cool way I wanted to
resolve the matter I even offered to
create content of an 18+ nature for
her  sold in soul and funk this time
with my permission she never answered this a
pretty common thing in wind I said that
when people want to fix
things with her she plays deaf
because she prefers to maybe continue with the
dispute or simply not have it recorded
until that person wanted to fix
things with her before proceeding I
dedicated myself to finding out if the capture was
real so as not to put my foot in it in case
a troll would mount that but not wind and she
appeared in a crappy video of salcé or
crappy nothing that is the gossip youtuber or
respect that the gossip youtuber or she is
respected in the comments section
speaking ill of me in fact I noticed that she
deleted the comment but this was the
video in question this would be the video the
u2 gossip summer in which wind and
commented but let's see the comment
that I have here I duly use the credit
of the illustrator in me for
now the illustrator made that image
using my name and person to
promote suspension and
paid platforms and spoke badly
or in other words he profits from me and by the way he
offends me does that seem correct to you I could
sue them for image rights
okay now let's talk about that
however I decided to take it positively and
post the art on me or live since
my person and name appear apart from that I
'm not promoting myself live and with
that image different from what he is
doing that he is promoting superior
with my image and name it seems like a
peaceful solution if he is profiting
from my image and name I will also
profit from our image
using it as content in the link without
legal action greetings eco really
wind and you are right I mean yes yes he has
given credits to the artist in his post the
only fan it's like on some occasions
that someone has made a drawing of me
I have really liked what was uploaded to
instagram he gives it credit and even not yes it
is true in terms of
image rights let's see an illustrator
okay an artist can draw and make
a caricature of a popular character
without any problem there is nothing illegal
yes there would be some problem and yes they
could sue him for image rights
okay or right to honor or whatever okay to the
fact that he profits from the
image okay you can make a
caricature of a famous person if you can
sell it no  you can sell t-shirts with
that drawing you ca
n't you can't image rights
imagine if I went into my shop in
my dotcom kids' shop and started
selling t-shirts with a drawing of Aurum
Place it would probably sell a lot but
a play could be loaded into my stand
so I could honestly look around a
bit on this person's twitter okay from
this artist I don't see that he has used
the drawing of Windy to advertise his or
live so it's true that men and a
drawing becomes very popular it is shared a
lot on twitter or whatever in the end
people are going to look for the artist and they are going to
go into his twitter and a lot is going to
become members of his twenty-one okay it
would be some kind of indirect promotion let's
say no but as such he was not
using the drawing to promote himself
at least directly moving on to
this next latest news the agreement
about Wind and here and it is that apparently it is being
said that in Wind and plagiarism
a photograph in his childhood if you
exist it would not be plagiarism okay
obviously player is something else beach
of taking content and copying it as is
literally planning would not be
maximum we could say that he has taken the
content and  has uploaded without
consent but plagiarism is not, in other
words, plagiarism is choosing content
Carlo to the letter, that is, copying it
as is, you might wonder how this is
possible. You may know that it turns out that the
wind tape and shared this image, this
drawing that had been made of her in which well, they
were doing it under a phrase
that she had already said and well, she
shared it on her honda and fans but
nevertheless she did not give credit to the
creator of this photograph to the point that I do not
even know who took this photo
because she did not even give credit to him no
then that is what
Miss Uy Digic is being accused of
planning and not giving credit
as it should be to the creator of
this photograph or of this drawing,
to be honest, I believe that this
is the least serious thing that could be said
to Winn Dixie, I mean, it is wrong that she did not
give credit but it may also be that
at this precise moment she has
corrected herself and put the credits in
her eagerness if in that photograph we do
not know if she has given credit or not
or if at first she did not put it and then she
has corrected it, she put it no  she knows it or
anything now to finish let's take a
look at this live deal that
they also sent me in which she
speaks out on the subject tonight
indirectly I
had it they
weren't fans he was a hater or gay 2 well
as much as hate I wouldn't say that as much
as people know a person who doesn't
follow you and doesn't follow your content and
when he has taken a look at your channel he has given
his opinion as much as an eternal for me
a hater would be a person who is more
obsessed with you and despite the fact that he is
supposed to not like you valley that I hate
your content and hates you he is
pending your publications that for
me serious hater is worth
my name of wind and beer and my character
to promote his pension
the monet did with my image without my
permission the monet did with my image without
permission I don't think that was like that I mean
you make a drawing and upload it to
twitter they are not monetizing nor are they
earning anything another thing would have been that
in the image itself he would have put an
ad not like hey you can see it
all on my stony then yes even if it had
been higher paid content
then yes and apart from that he threw me  face
saying that my content was [ __ ]
then I very positively it's
a shame
this guy wanted my content to be
[ __ ] that I'm [ __ ] but
still he's using my image and my name and
my popularity to
monetize on your chest on your
social networks I told him that and I told someone like that
the positive side of people and
a lot of talent congratulations
and I will upload the image to my audi because
the one who violated the copyright was
good nobody has violated
anyone's copyright okay I'm telling you in the
case that wind and kennedy coughed there would
be no problem yes it's
true that man it wouldn't have hurt to
ask the author's permission to
upload it even though he gave credit to
Miami he
put who is the author there wouldn't be
any kind of problems
promoting those images on the networks
publicly ok I'm not
promoting or looking for clients for
my sheep like the one who on their networks posted
these wind and wind and gates if you want to see
wind go naked come here it's not a
lie that's true we have seen the
artist's twitter and not literally
in fact she has the same amount of
likes okay in publications where she uploads  to
other drawings of his ok and it has
the same amount or more likes as being
the drawing of wing but the drawing he
made of her is not like that says this
is wind and if you want to see it in full I made
my boss no no no that is false
written things those [ __ ] critics
have more good if I were a youtuber or not I
would be a critic as such not being his
channel it is not about criticism or anything
it is simply usually gives the news and gets
wet but very little
one by one michael is going to take them one
michael but what michael michael jordan
michael is going to take us one by one it is no longer
clear to us which archangel is the one who is
going to punish us okay he has already done something
this is already a big mess I hope
that michael leaves me alone
doing my videos here my way okay let him
leave me alone michael okay I'm
not going with you last night let them be
michael jackson that's another
story and good guys basically
well you will be reading your opinion
in the comments box but mine is
that while she has given credits she has
put who the author is  of the
image would be great because it would even be
giving it free promotion
okay an artist can parody make a
caricature of any
public figure okay what they can't do is profit
from it in what sense in the sense of
directly to me the fact that there are
people who follow him on twitter as a result of
his drawing and on his twitter they sponsor his
stone would not be a direct profit as
such Valencia what you can't do with
the image of a popular person would be to
sell t-shirts sell sell articles
okay with that drawing sell the
drawing itself so I don't see anything wrong with them
having made a caricature nothing happens
so it's true that the caricature
may seem a little offensive to you depending on the person
not because they are
drawing her naked no I don't know to what
extent it would be legal or not if it could violate
their honor maybe I don't know okay I don't know I doubt it I doubt it
no no I'm not a lawyer nor does it
go up or anything it's simply a
caricature and that's it I don't think it was
intended to cause harm
yes almost a little mockery is the one who
recognizes it because it has been making fun of
the wind titles and have more thanks
or less thanks  He wanted to make
fun of it, but as I said, I don't see the
issue anymore, I don't know, I don't see it either, beyond that, it doesn't matter,
besides, what if someone makes a
caricature with a famous character, what you ca
n't do is sell it and profit from
it, and there's nothing wrong with it, it would even
be good if Wind published it
on his website live, and as long as he
put his name on it, okay, if he didn't put his
name, he didn't give him credit, it's a mistake,
but oh well, it will be solved, so it's
okay. What do you think, guys, you
'll be reading in the
comment box because this gives rise to a
pretty strong debate topic, and remember that you
have a pretty powerful video coming up
in which I am every day or
almost every day live on my
secondary channel, jabil canijo